CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS results(
id bigint PRIMARY KEY,
url text,
datetime text,
created text,
last_updated text,
price int,
area int,
bedrooms float,
bathrooms float,
ppsqft float,
lat float,
lng float,
distance_Uber_cycling float,
duration_Uber_cycling float,
distance_Uber_transit float,
duration_Uber_transit float,
distance_Uber_walking float, 
duration_Uber_walking float,
distance_Dropbox_cycling float, 
duration_Dropbox_cycling float,
distance_Dropbox_transit float, 
duration_Dropbox_transit float,
distance_Dropbox_walking float,
duration_Dropbox_walking float, 
ppsqft_score float,
walking_Uber_score float, 
transit_Uber_score float, 
travel_Uber_score float,
walking_Dropbox_score float, 
cycling_Dropbox_score float,
travel_Dropbox_score float, 
score float,
datestr text)